React JS is A JavaScript Library for building user interface.

Why React JS?
1. React JS use JS to update webpage without reloading the webpage at runtime.
2. Transition of webpages are smooth and instant ( JS can't do this as JS is work
    in background and work after loading a webpages )
3. Using only JS : I) Writing complex JS code is quickly becomes cumbersome
                  II) Complex JS code quickly becomes error-prone
                  III) Complex JS code often is hard to maintain or edit
                  IV)React Offers a Simpler mental model
4. JS and HTML have to write in different file whereas in react we can write in
  same file. we can add dynamic coding in html using react
5. JS is not a declarative programming (not declarative means its a imperative).
  we have to define each steps in JS to perform action.
  Where as React is Declarative(Define the goal not the steps) UI Programming.
  With React, we define the target UI State(s) - not the steps to get there !,
  Instead, React will figure out & perform the necessary steps.


  Create React Project:
   1) In Browser type react.new (Like spring initializer): This gives in browser dev env.
    no need to install anything locally in this env use.
   2)Install Node js(LTS version), there are two ways for react project
      I) Using vite(
                    - type cmd "npm create vite@latest 'project name'"
                    - select React
                    - select variant (JS, TypeScript etc)
                    - after create project run cmd "npm install"
                    - to run project run cmd "npm run dev"
                    - to stop running project enter ctrl+c
                    )
      II) using create-react-app(
                    - type cmd "npx create-react-app 'project name'"
                    - after create project run cmd "npm install"
                    - to run project run cmd "npm run dev"
                    - to stop running project enter ctrl+c
                    )

In React is react app is running and we save changes it will auto reload react app on change
